<2016-10-27 Thu>
* Meeting
- *Justin* wants a visual design document
    + Specify padding and conventions, ect
    + Justin and Kirsty will be working on it
- Reading weeks may be alot of work if we don't do much work this week
- Everyone should start working on this
* Due date is 1 month
- Everyone needs to do roughly 3 features ourselves and 1 pair program/person
* Justin rules
- Must check code before pushing to master
- Make a new story for any new branch
- Master should always be working
